Notifications payload job states explained (#1918)
buildkite/docs: pages/integrations/amazon_eventbridge.md

  }
}
```

> >📘

Reviewer: It's best to include a title for notes and tips like this. Maybe:

```suggestion

>📘 Check job result
```

^ Also add a blank line to separate the element from the code block.

> > To determine if a job has <code>passed</code> or <code>failed</code>, that is reflected by the "passed" boolean which is <code>true</code> or <code>false</code>.

Reviewer: I think we can simplify the language a bit, and use Markdown formatting. Thinking:

```suggestion
> To check a job's result, use the `passed` field. The value is `true` when the job passed, and `false` otherwise.
```

What do you think?
